and I use their facility just to effect
some of the moves that you know you
watch it right now and the what they've
done is they've taken a lot of things
that helped gymnast over the years but
transformed them into the action sports
world so we write foam pits and we ride
the ramps that have you know foam
underneath but a plastic tarp summit in
relative safety we can try the crazy
tricks but you know there's always a
chance we can get beat up a few times it
is there a holy grail of tricks because
i'm not the biggest extreme schools bus
but i remember with tony hawk when he
was doing the 900 900 that was like the
holy grail of the skateboard tricks is
there one in BMX in that hasn't been
done yet um there's a lot of tricks that
haven't been done yet and as for homie
grow it don't know what that is right
now but i think this year were in some
more spectacular tricks corners from you
know the greatest riders our that would
serve what's the champions league final
event of your sport it's going to be x
games here in LA and Dew Tour Finals
they're both as big as each other
because at anybody in the hunt for the
Duke up it all goes down to the last one
in Orlando and the X Games I mean that's
the that's the biggest event you know we
have in the summer I know you owe your
football it's limited now it's the
surface and Sundays that we were saying
is saying in the break but let's talk
about Darby Carol typically just
capacitor last year obviously not a good
year 11 points in the Premiership over
38 gets seriously as a dog Mykelti
further than wandering with your
experience in in that part of the
country Janine is a stigma related to
that season that's I mean it's going to
take some doing to have a worse season
and I'm not picking on you I'm just
asking what we had trying to think it
was a Tim girl Tom somebody from Adobe
County on a couple tumblr a couple of
weeks ago we asked him about this and
you know he talks about the stigma that
is Darby County without it how they have
to get out of the championship just to
redo that yeah I mean DOM is that a
turbulent career and I think this is
just another stumbling block that
they've got to get over right now I
think you know with Nigel
coming on board and falling is that's
what's that something they've got all
the the right people in place and it's
just a confidence thing you know as I
read the reports on the obvious
sometimes it just see if they fell back
into their always lighted in the
premiership you know going out there and
not really giving it one hundred percent
and when they do give a hundred percent
they're awesome you know they go out and
they get the job done and everybody's
happy but right now they've really got a
knuckle down and maybe I don't think
it's going to happen this season but the
next year you know they've really got to
try and get back up to the premiership
because they have one of the elite
grounds in the United Kingdom and it
belongs in the Premiership maybe you
take mid-table this year the edge a good
cup run against United you're one-nil
wind which was respectable and then it
was a cracking game really the return
leg as well you know I mean the first
offered are being the return leg was
awesome just robbie savage on the pitch
just got some attitude you know but I is
great to say and and you know with them
already having to taste the Premiership
football of the enough against menu they
knew what to expect and with a whole new
sort of lineup and a little bit more
fire in their belly you know they went
into it and give it all the copper you
play the best in the world right now and
what do you expect you know at some
point you're going to get thrashed we
work weird a robbie savage on the radio
show a couple weeks ago and i was
actually remarkably surprised and how
mild mannered he is he's actually a very
very polite nice young chap who answers
all your questions a good thank you yeah
oh yeah you know underneath that bleach
blonde hair you know anything like
complete renaissance this year me they
said he was done fool jul said he was
done here I he's having a fantastic year
darling you know what and is great to
say just to see the robbie savage of all
come back and play for the RB and just
show me stuff but I've I'm sure it's
some inspired to the rest of the players
out there that they just want to give it
their all to well it's let's take some
quick calls and we'll see what you know
about the Champions League is going to
Robert in Maryland welcome to the show
relat relat hey guys what's your
question hey bud I was going after what
you thought of the
the Nutty Professor i swaggered talking
about the sri lanka attack on the
cricket team but being that you have to
be a mixed guy on Jamie welcome to the
show hi na and it was it I'm an extreme
this spinner come it cannot be on next
week next stream disc spin up you mean
like frisbee they're like dishes oh this
is kickin be forward for my bookie can I
just a dress that I think you bring up a
good point another the venga brought up
about what happened with the sri lankan
cricket team in Pakistan and the
horrific horrific events and the lack of
security I think Vega makes a reasonably
good point especially with the
Confederations Cup coming up this year
and of course the even larger for a
larger scale the world cup coming next
year and I wonder if anger as nutty as
he could be isn't tapping into something
that needs to be addressed we're talking
about the biggest sport planet now we're
talking about the biggest competition on
the planet next year and it would be
awful if these kinds of people were able
to infiltrate way in a wuff maybe we'll
discuss that our next week on the show
we got to take a quick break we're going
to leave you with a very nice goal from
Carlos service and when we come back
have your site